ideas-and-misc/book-checklist.md, before:

# Books I've Read & Books I Want to Read (or Listen to)

Feel free to add to the list :) Also, this is my [GoodReads](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/20177742-una-kravets) account.

## January 2015

- [x] The Willpower Instinct -- Kelly McGonigal
- [x] The Maze Runner -- James Dashner
- [x] 1984 -- George Orwell
- [x] Me Talk Pretty One Day -- David Sedaris
- [x] Ender's Game -- Orson Scott Card
- [ ] Yes Please! -- Amy Poehler <-- got bored, stopped

## February 2015

- [x] Weaving the Web -- Tim Berners-Lee
- [x] The Book Thief -- Markus Zusak
- [ ] Freakonomics -- Stephen J. Dubner & Steven D. Levitt <-- subscription ran out
- [x] Ghost in The Wires -- Kevin Mitnick
- [x] Outliers -- Malcolm Gladwell
- [x] The Scorch Trials -- James Dashner (Maze Runner Sequel)
- [x] How to Win Friends and Influence People -- Dale Carnegie
- [x] On the Road -- Jack Kerouak

## March 2015
- [x] The Biography of Steve Jobs -- Walter Isaacson
- [ ] How to Create a Mind -- Ray Kurzweil <-- got bored, stopped
- [x] The Innovators -- Walter Isaacson
- [ ] The Art of Deception -- Kevin Mitnick <-- got bored, stopped
- [x] Ready Player One -- Ernest Cline

## April 2015
- [x] We Are Anonymous -- Parmy Olson
- [x] The Time Machine -- H.G. Wells
- [x] The Death Cure -- James Dashner (Maze Runner Sequel)
- [x] Copyright vs Community -- Richard Stallman
- [x] Thinking, Fast and Slow -- Daniel Kahneman
- [x] The Martian -- Andy Weir

## May 2015
- [x] Enchanted Objects -- David Rose
- [x] The Four Hour Work Week -- Tim Ferriss
- [x] Automate This: How Algorithms Came to Rule Our World -- Christopher Steiner
- [ ] What If: Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions -- Randall Munroe
- [ ] Lean UX

To-Read
---
- [ ] City of Thieves -- David Benioff
- [ ] Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls -- David Sedaris
- [ ] Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy -- Douglas Adams
- [ ] The Girl with The Dragon Tattoo
- [ ] No Place to Hide -- Glen Greenwald
- [ ] The Drunken Botanist -- Amy Stewart
- [ ] Decisive: How to Make Better Choices in Life and Work -- Chip Heath & Dan Heath
- [ ] The Art of Asking -- Amanda Palmer
- [ ] Alan Turing -- Andrew Hodges
- [ ] Abundance -- Peter H. Diamandis
- [ ] Revival -- Stephen King
- [ ] Rich Dad, Poor Dad -- Robert Kiyosaki
- [ ] Revolution -- Russell Brand
- [ ] One More Thing -- B.J. Novak

Commit message:

added some :star:s and :sleeping: to book list

ideas-and-misc/book-checklist.md, after:

# Books I've Read & Books I Want to Read (or Listen to)

Feel free to add to the list :) Also, this is my [GoodReads](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/20177742-una-kravets) account.

## January 2015

- [x] The Willpower Instinct -- Kelly McGonigal :star:
- [x] The Maze Runner -- James Dashner
- [x] 1984 -- George Orwell
- [x] Me Talk Pretty One Day -- David Sedaris
- [x] Ender's Game -- Orson Scott Card :star:
- [ ] Yes Please! -- Amy Poehler :sleeping:

## February 2015

- [x] Weaving the Web -- Tim Berners-Lee :star:
- [x] The Book Thief -- Markus Zusak
- [ ] Freakonomics -- Stephen J. Dubner & Steven D. Levitt <-- subscription ran out
- [x] Ghost in The Wires -- Kevin Mitnick :star:
- [x] Outliers -- Malcolm Gladwell :star:
- [x] The Scorch Trials -- James Dashner (Maze Runner Sequel)
- [x] How to Win Friends and Influence People -- Dale Carnegie
- [x] On the Road -- Jack Kerouak

## March 2015
- [x] The Biography of Steve Jobs -- Walter Isaacson :star:
- [ ] How to Create a Mind -- Ray Kurzweil :sleeping:
- [x] The Innovators -- Walter Isaacson :star:
- [ ] The Art of Deception -- Kevin Mitnick :sleeping:
- [x] Ready Player One -- Ernest Cline

## April 2015
- [x] We Are Anonymous -- Parmy Olson
- [x] The Time Machine -- H.G. Wells
- [x] The Death Cure -- James Dashner (Maze Runner Sequel)
- [x] Copyright vs Community -- Richard Stallman
- [x] Thinking, Fast and Slow -- Daniel Kahneman
- [x] The Martian -- Andy Weir :star:

## May 2015
- [x] Enchanted Objects -- David Rose :star:
- [x] The Four Hour Work Week -- Tim Ferriss
- [x] Automate This: How Algorithms Came to Rule Our World -- Christopher Steiner :star:
- [ ] What If: Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions -- Randall Munroe
- [ ] Lean UX

To-Read
---
- [ ] City of Thieves -- David Benioff
- [ ] Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls -- David Sedaris
- [ ] Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy -- Douglas Adams
- [ ] The Girl with The Dragon Tattoo
- [ ] No Place to Hide -- Glen Greenwald
- [ ] The Drunken Botanist -- Amy Stewart
- [ ] Decisive: How to Make Better Choices in Life and Work -- Chip Heath & Dan Heath
- [ ] The Art of Asking -- Amanda Palmer
- [ ] Alan Turing -- Andrew Hodges
- [ ] Abundance -- Peter H. Diamandis
- [ ] Revival -- Stephen King
- [ ] Rich Dad, Poor Dad -- Robert Kiyosaki
- [ ] Revolution -- Russell Brand
- [ ] One More Thing -- B.J. Novak
