README.md, before:

Personal Goals
==============

Personal goals made open source. 

Why? Spending the time to get shit done. I'm open sourcing these goals for accessibility across computers I use, transparency, accountability, and versioning.

# Overarching Goals
1. Use Github more often
2. Contribute to Open Source
3. Write more blog posts
4. Increase project efficiency
5. Use the command line & keyboard as much as possible
6. Get better at javascript (patterns, Angular, Node)
7. Learn about testing
8. Foster designer participation in open source projects
9. Make more people smile

## Things I'll Do This Week: October 6, 2014
- [ ] Schedule time to focus on this list
- [ ] Sort out hosting/server situation
- [ ] Create gulp setup for unakravets.com
- [ ] Continue learning Angular
- [ ] Publish a blog post
- [ ] Prepare for half-marathon
- [x] View/read >= 2 things from my [content list](https://github.com/una/personal-goals/tree/master/content-list)
- [ ] Read through this list of [CSS Dev Conf Resources](http://unakravets.tumblr.com/post/98971370655/sassconf-2014-resource-roundup)

### Things I'll Do This Month: October 2014
- [ ] Internal Jekyll training
- [ ] Set up yeoman generator
- [ ] Learn about web scraping with node
- [ ] Move my hosting off of 1and1
- [ ] Write at least 1 blog post
- [ ] Make another nail art video
- [ ] Enjoy the sun before it's winter
- [ ] Edit Nail Art video

### Backlog: Projects I Need to Focus On :)
1. [ATX Sass](https://github.com/una/ATXSass) website (im sorry :( )
2. Work on [sassme v2](https://github.com/una/sassme) to scrape the web & get up-to-date content
3. Focus again on [Sass Gifs](http://sassgifs.com)

### Backlog: Code Things I Want to Do/Play With
1. Create yeoman generator
2. Move sites off of 1and1 -- configure servers for gzipping
3. Go through this talk I missed: http://anthonydispezio.com/sassconf2014/
4. Get Living Style Guide working on portfolio https://github.com/hagenburger/livingstyleguide
5. Re-configure this article for contribution (sections for Reading List, etc.)
6. Figure out web scraping for v2 of sassme (also, rename sassme)
7. CodeSchool Angular, Advanced JS course
8. Node web scraper
9. Incorporate critical inline CSS https://github.com/addyosmani/critical
10. Play with Velocity.js http://julian.com/research/velocity/
11. Polymer <-- Make elements https://www.polymer-project.org/
12. Scss blend modes https://github.com/heygrady/scss-blend-modes

---

- [Blog Post Ideas](https://github.com/una/personal-goals/blob/master/blog-posts/blog-ideas.md)
- [Backlog Content List](https://github.com/una/personal-goals/tree/master/content-list)

Commit message:

added sign up for calligraphy class to list
added more links based on conferences this month

README.md, after:

Personal Goals
==============

Personal goals made open source. 

Why? Spending the time to get shit done. I'm open sourcing these goals for accessibility across computers I use, transparency, accountability, and versioning.

# Overarching Goals
1. Use Github more often
2. Contribute to Open Source
3. Write more blog posts
4. Increase project efficiency
5. Use the command line & keyboard as much as possible
6. Get better at javascript (patterns, Angular, Node)
7. Learn about testing
8. Foster designer participation in open source projects
9. Make more people smile

## Things I'll Do This Week: October 6, 2014
- [ ] Schedule time to focus on this list
- [ ] Sort out hosting/server situation
- [ ] Create gulp setup for unakravets.com
- [ ] Continue learning Angular
- [ ] Publish a blog post
- [ ] Sign up for [calligraphy class](http://jezebel.com/heres-a-corgi-just-losing-his-shit-on-a-pumpkin-1644096404)
- [x] View/read >= 2 things from my [content list](https://github.com/una/personal-goals/tree/master/content-list)
- [x] Read through this list of [CSS Dev Conf Resources](https://gist.github.com/jessabean/c17438f91d3621c279b6)

### Things I'll Do This Month: October 2014
- [ ] Internal Jekyll training
- [ ] Set up yeoman generator
- [ ] Learn about web scraping with node
- [ ] Move my hosting off of 1and1
- [ ] Write at least 1 blog post
- [ ] Make another nail art video
- [ ] Enjoy the sun before it's winter
- [ ] Edit Nail Art video
- [ ] Write a proposal for [CSS Conf Oakland](http://cssconfoak.land/)

### Backlog: Projects I Need to Focus On :)
1. [ATX Sass](https://github.com/una/ATXSass) website (im sorry :( )
2. Work on [sassme v2](https://github.com/una/sassme) to scrape the web & get up-to-date content
3. Focus again on [Sass Gifs](http://sassgifs.com)

### Backlog: Code Things I Want to Do/Play With
1. Create yeoman generator
2. Move sites off of 1and1 -- configure servers for gzipping
3. Go through this talk I missed: http://anthonydispezio.com/sassconf2014/
4. Get Living Style Guide working on portfolio https://github.com/hagenburger/livingstyleguide
5. Re-configure this article for contribution (sections for Reading List, etc.)
6. Figure out web scraping for v2 of sassme (also, rename sassme)
7. CodeSchool Angular, Advanced JS course
8. Node web scraper
9. Incorporate critical inline CSS https://github.com/addyosmani/critical
10. Play with Velocity.js http://julian.com/research/velocity/
11. Polymer <-- Make elements https://www.polymer-project.org/
12. Scss blend modes https://github.com/heygrady/scss-blend-modes

---

- [Blog Post Ideas](https://github.com/una/personal-goals/blob/master/blog-posts/blog-ideas.md)
- [Backlog Content List](https://github.com/una/personal-goals/tree/master/content-list)
