# This Weeks Accomplishments: November 30, 2014

## This Week's Goal: Holidays!

## Things I Did From the List
- [x] Follow up on ATX Sass: Dave & Capital Factory
- [x] Set up JS Learning time 1x week with someone (http://addyosmani.com/blog/javascript-101-free-course/)
- [x] Make all envelopes for holiday cards
- [x] Make a PR for 24 Pull Requests
- [x] Make list of future Sass Gifs

### Additional Things I Did
- [x] Went to Nodeschool Meetup and started learnyounode lesson
- [x] Did all of the interiors of holiday cards
- [x] made PRs for material-ui-sass port
- [x] Finished javascripting nodeschool
- [x] Attended SheHacksATX + SheDesignsATX Hackathon
- [x] Created a Vagrant development environment
- [x] Met someone to mentor in development
- [x] Played around with Drupal

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Apply to speak at [Converge SE](https://period3.wufoo.com/forms/convergese-2015-speakertalk-proposal/) (mid Jan)
- vascript-101-free-course/)
- [ ] Work on Mr. Poole Logo
- [ ] Audio API + tree Svg thing
- [ ] Finish Reading RRD
- [ ] List some book ideas
- [ ] Publish new blog post
- [ ] Singularity homepage content

## Next Week's Goal: Light Heart

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Apply to speak at [Converge SE](https://period3.wufoo.com/forms/convergese-2015-speakertalk-proposal/) (mid Jan)
- vascript-101-free-course/)
- [ ] Work on Mr. Poole Logo
- [ ] Audio API + tree Svg thing
- [ ] Finish Reading RRD
- [ ] List some book ideas
- [ ] Write a blog post about Vagrant
- [ ] Singularity homepage content ?
- [ ] Work on Design Comp of Urban Patchwork
- [ ] Listen to Lots of Holiday Music
- [ ] Get Holiday Cards finished
- [ ] Get started with Happy Hack

### Week in Review

This week was really strange to me. I've felt a strange anxiety and tension all week, and let it affect me a lot (I've just been really down on myself lately, maybe its the weather or something). I wrote two blog posts and decided not to publish either one. I've been learning and doing things all week but it always doesn't feel like I'm doing enough.

I did a lot of things though!

I just need to keep reminding myself of that. I went to a node meetup and started learning node.js with my friend, Jefferson. I read more of RRD, and made a lot of holiday cards (my caligraphy has significantly improved).

I also went to a hackathon where I learned about Vagrant and created a dev environment for my team. I worked with Drupal for the first time, and I met another female dev who is interested in learning front end code, and I think I have a lot I can teach her :)

I'm making next week's goal to just live with a light heart (was really inspired by the awesome project lead for my hackathon). I need to stop being so down on myself for not being perfect. I'm going to continue working on the hackathon project I started as an opportunity to play with templating engines and help teach the other dev about Sass and performance, etc.

I also have this idea for a "Happy Hackathon" where the theme is simply to make things that make you and others happy.







