# This Weeks Accomplishments: April 5, 2015

## This Week's Focus: Workshop & Brand

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] Send IBM Stickers to Adam Onishi
- [x] Write Up New Talk Proposals
- [x] Play with gooey SVG
- [x] Chat w/Rebecca about branding/site
- [x] Prepare for Adv. Sass Workshop -- build repo
- [x] Make a gameplan for how to make a typeface
- [x] Make some progress on Sassbit.es
- [x] Figure out whats going on w/Perf talk with Lara

### Additional Things I Did

- [x] Made video for Sass Bites
- [x] Started a [100 Days Project](https://instagram.com/unadoestype/)
- [x] Made TTL logo
- [x] Fixed up some things on my site w/js
- [x] Went to BitCamp
- [x] Judged Color War
- [x] Began Blog Post (Future of Tech Gender Disparity)

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Implement unused CSS gulp task
- [ ] Seriously read through all of these dev tools [docs](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/network)
- [ ] Blog: New Sass workflow with Sass Director
- [ ] Blog: Dont Fear the Terminal
- [ ] Blog: OSD Workflow
- [ ] Send screen print to Adi
- [ ] Apply to Speak at CSSConf


## Next Week's Focus: Blog

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Read and Record Audio For [SVG Pocket Guide](http://svgpocketguide.com/book/)
- [ ] #BOSS tshirt
- [ ] Adv. Sass workshop planning
- [ ] Send Lara email
- [ ] Implement unused CSS gulp task
- [ ] Blog: New Sass workflow with Sass Director
- [ ] Blog: Dont Fear the Terminal
- [ ] Blog: OSD Workflow
- [ ] Send screen print to Adi
- [ ] Apply to Speak at CSSConf
- [ ] Book flight for PEERS
- [ ] Go over talk for PEERS
- [ ] Finish advanced Sass workshop
- [ ] Work on TTL branding
- [ ] Work on Sassbit.es video

### Week in Review

This week had a little surprise turn of events, as I went to Bitcamp at UMD to do some technical mentoring, judge the design battle, and recruit for IBM Design. It was overall a great week, but wasn't super productive. I'm realizing I haven't written a blog post (on my own site) in a while, and I'd love to do that.

I also started doing some more projects this week -- making a video intro for Sass Bites, branding Rebecca Murphey's new podcast: TTL, and doing #the100DaysProject where I'm doing lettering for 100 days. I also am designing a #BOSS tshirt with Mariesa. I probably shouldn't be starting new things, but I'll deal with it.

What I really need to do is finish my workshop and talk for PEERS which is coming up faster than I realize, and I really want to write a blog post this week!
