# This Weeks Accomplishments: July 12, 2015

## This Week's Focus: Build Ideas

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Implement ~~localStorage to cache my stylesheet(also download it at bottom of page)~~ defer loading of css
- [x] Outline with Links the Photoshop is Dead Talk (check bookmarks)
- [x] Finish blog post on travel tips
- [x] Figured out flights for September
- [x] Do the whole Military diet (3 days)
- [x] Deal with bills
- [x] Record audio for travel post


## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Finish Ch.3 YDKJS
- [ ] Read Ch.4 YDKJS
- [ ] Watch [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twav6O53zIQ) video on Passport w/Express
- [ ] Watch some [videos](https://egghead.io/series/build-your-first-react-js-application) about React
- [ ] Create Yeoman Generator for Gulp Env.
- [ ] Better outline of GH for Designers Ideas
- [ ] Work on typeface (make words)


### Additional Things I Did

- [x] Posted Travel Blog post
- [x] Contributed to perf.rocks
- [x] Contributed to Echo Chamber (Tessa's comment app)
- [x] Made thank you card for Kasey
- [x] Opened up my email for questions/comments
- [x] Updated happy moments app for arrow keys

## Next Week's Focus: Birthday Week!

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Read & internalize [this](http://reactfordesigners.com/labs/reactjs-introduction-for-people-who-know-just-enough-jquery-to-get-by/)
- [ ] Create Github AMA
- [ ] Put sublet ad up on Craigslist/IBM DesignCampers
- [ ] Upload Facebook Photos from past few weeks
- [ ] Fix portfolio Gulp-Sass situation
- [ ] Stop Ruby from being mad
- [ ] Finish Ch.3 YDKJS
- [ ] Read Ch.4 YDKJS
- [ ] Create Yeoman Generator for Gulp Env.
- [ ] Better outline of GH for Designers Ideas
- [ ] Work on typeface (make words)
- [ ] Work on PS is Dead Talk --> get it into slide form
- [ ] Celebrate Birthday
- [ ] Give talk at OSCon

### Week in Review

This was a pretty good week :) I got a lot of super nice emails when I put my email address on Twitter, which was very unexpected and delightful. I also sorted out all of my travel for September (which is huge!) and started a new project about my travels. I did some contributing on GitHub and winded down after Cascadia. Tomorrow I start my aerial classes and Tuesday I head to OSCon! Also I turn 23! :D
