# This Weeks Accomplishments: April 19, 2015

## This Week's Focus:

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] Book flight to PEERS
- [x] Send letter to Lara
- [x] #BOSS tshirt
- [x] Finish advanced Sass workshop
- [x] ATX Sass!
- [x] Sketchnoting Alterconf
- [x] Work on TTL Design
- [x] #the100DayProject

### Additional Things I Did

- [x] Watched [this](https://vimeo.com/105955605) video (Live Coding Js Game From Scratch)
- [x] Listened to a bunch of podcasts
- [x] Set up una.im for GH Pages

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Practice PEERS talk
- [ ] Work on Sassbit.es video
- [ ] Blog: New Sass workflow with Sass Director
- [ ] Work on collab with Ana
- [ ] Apply to Speak at CSSConf
- [ ] Give Adv. Sass Workshop at IBM (run-through)

## Next Week's Focus: PEERS

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Read and Record Audio For [SVG Pocket Guide](http://svgpocketguide.com/book/)
- [ ] Topic for ALA Article
- [ ] Read [this](https://jonsuh.com/blog/need-for-speed-2/) article
- [ ] Read [this](http://carlcheo.com/compsci) too
- [ ] Watch [this](http://aerotwist.com/blog/moar-performance/) video on performance
- [ ] Practice PEERS talk
- [ ] Work on Sassbit.es video
- [ ] Blog: New Sass workflow with Sass Director
- [ ] Apply to Speak at CSSConf/ CodeConf with Ryan
- [ ] Give Adv. Sass Workshop at IBM (run-through)
- [ ] Give PEERS Conf Talk

### Week in Review

This week was a bit rough. I felt very overwhelmed with all of the things that have been piling up. I had to prepare a workshop and talk while doing a side project designing a podcast website and running/organizing ATXSass and knew I'd be spending the weekend at AlterConf. It was just a lot to handle on top of work being really stressful this week. I was starting to feel a little burnt out, a little like I was doing things because I had to and not because I wanted to anymore. And I kept dealing with more things that I took on for the future. It's hard.

But the end of the week got better. I spent some time in the sun and really enjoyed AlterConf. But I do have a long week ahead: giving two advanced Sass workshops, a talk, speaking as a guest on a podcast, flying to and from Philly. When I get back I'll be doing a third talk two weeks later. Gah :X