# This Weeks Accomplishments: Sept 7, 2015

## This Week's Focus: London & The Lead Dev

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Finish rough draft of NetMag article
- [x] Touchups to PS is Dead talk
- [x] Touchups to Perf talk
- [x] Figure out tickets to Bruge/Brussels
- [x] Read CSS Secrets
- [x] Explore London
- [x] Give talk at the Lead Developer
- [x] Do IBM work -- check ins

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Apply [typeset.js](https://blot.im/typeset/) to blog
- [ ] Go through all PRs (check sass director)
- [ ] Work on [Functional Programming](http://jhusain.github.io/learnrx/) course
- [ ] Better outline of GH for Designers Ideas
- [ ] Review OSDesign Talk (add diversity pocket article)
- [ ] Write a blog post

### Additional Things I Did

- [x] Purchased a ticket to JSConf EU
- [x] Saw a lot of art in London
- [x] Walked around a lot
- [x] Published updated slides for Performance talk
- [x] Did mini-interviews for NetMag article

## Next Week's Focus: Bologna & From the Front

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Write travels poem for Brussels
- [ ] Travel poem for Bruge
- [ ] Fly to Bologna
- [ ] Review OSDesign Talk (add diversity pocket article)
- [ ] Touchups on OSDesign talk
- [ ] Give OS Design Talk
- [ ] Keep up with emails
- [ ] Touchups to PS is Dead talk
- [ ] Apply [typeset.js](https://blot.im/typeset/) to blog
- [ ] Go through all PRs (check sass director)
- [ ] Better outline of GH for Designers Ideas
- [ ] Write a blog post on CSS blend mode inverting technique
- [ ] Write a blog post on CSS blend mode vintage effect
- [ ] Document Bologna travels

### Week in Review

I am late to writing this! But this week was incredible. Absolutely incredible. I flew to London and hung out with some fantastic people (Alice, Lachie, Andrew, Mike, Edd, Robin, and all of the people in the Made by Many London office). My talk went well (despite me rushing to fit it in 30 minutes) and I got a lot of positive feedback from it. People told me they learned a lot. London was so wonderfully hospitable (AND it was sunny! so strange!).

Then I went to Belgium and had a wonderful time in both Brussels and Bruge. I really love staying in hostels because you meet the best people :). I met some great ones there, especially on my last day.

In between I kept up with my life, with the FED knowledge share responsibilities at IBM, and with mitigating my work emails along with writing an article for NetMagazine. So all in all, a good week.