# This Weeks Accomplishments: May 10, 2015

## This Week's Focus: Keyboard Talk

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] Order Lean UX
- [x] Read [SVG Pocket Guide](http://svgpocketguide.com/book/)
- [x] Announce the thing :D
- [x] Go Over Keyboard Ninja Talk
- [x] Speak at Refresh Austin
- [x] Work out 4x this week

### Additional Things I Did

- [x] Rated my books list
- [x] Finished reading How Algorithms Came to Rule the World
- [x] Attended Adobe Creative Jam
- [x] Made [this](http://codepen.io/unax3/pen/OVNddb) CSS parrot
- [x] Fixed portfolio bug
- [x] Started Recording Audio for SVG Pocket Guide
- [x] Updated Generator-Blueman to accept memory input
- [x] Recorded full audio for SVG Pocket Guide
- [x] Decided to go to Boulder, CO this weekend

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Topic for ALA Article
- [ ] Work on Sassbit.es video
- [ ] Blog: New Sass workflow with Sass Director
- [ ] Post a Blog Post
- [ ] Create Yeoman Generator for Gulp Env.
- [ ] Book flight to Cascadia JS
- [ ] Book flight to BD Conf


## Next Week's Focus: Book Flights

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Start playing with recreating Instagram filters w/code
- [ ] Outline with Links the Photoshop is Dead Talk (check bookmarks)
- [ ] Make a card for Ryan (also get his address)
- [ ] Topic for ALA Article
- [ ] Work on Sassbit.es video
- [ ] Blog: New Sass workflow with Sass Director
- [ ] Create Yeoman Generator for Gulp Env.
- [ ] Book flight to Cascadia JS
- [ ] Book flight to BD Conf
- [ ] Plan Colorado
- [ ] Book flight to Colorado

### Week in Review

What an amazing week. Seriously. It's been probably the best week I've had since starting this documentation of my life (I'll have to remember to refer to this when I'm having a more difficult one). :)

First of all, I got really good feedback on my talk at Refresh Austin (speaking at Refresh DC has been on my bucket list since sophomore year of college so that in itself is kind of a sweet accomplishment). I was asked to speak at a conference in London. I was finally able to tell people about the Net Awards nomination (so I've been a little bundle of excitement all week!). I worked out a lot-- and I'm currently only 1 lb away from my goal for JS Conf :)

I also got a surprise package sent to me from Rebecca Murphey, for whom I designed/built a website for for her podcast but refused to take payment. She sent me a microphone instead because I had brought up that I was in the market. Which was so much better than payment anyway! So I naturally spent the weekend recording an audio version of the Pocket Guide to SVG.

I also spent a lot of this weekend with friends -- from birthdays (Jefferson's) to going-away parties (Ryan & Carter) to going to Maker Faire and the Game of Thrones night. This week was a really good mix of being productive and being 22. And I just realized that this coming weekend is Memorial Day Weekend, and that I will indeed be around for it! So I'm going to go to Colorado with friends :)