# This Weeks Accomplishments: June 2, 2015

## This Week's Focus: Build w/Something New

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Applause.js <-- choose name, start design for PS is dead talk
- [x] Research good slide design for Applause (or w/e its called)
- [x] Book flight to Cascadia JS
- [x] Add [visited](http://joelcalifa.com/blog/revisiting-visited/) & unvisited states to blog
- [x] Try to use Kimono
- [x] Review Slides for BDConf

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Work on my stripped-down Reveal (Plaudit)
- [ ] Create Yeoman Generator for Gulp Env.
- [ ] Book flight to CodeConf!
- [ ] Outline with Links the Photoshop is Dead Talk (check bookmarks)
- [ ] Continue Udacity course on page performance

### Additional Things I Did

- [x] Watched Node videos
- [x] Played with canvas and interactive background
- [x] Worked on understanding node by building
- [x] Got brunch with roomie and decided to renew lease
- [x] Wrote blog post on :visited
- [x] Published blog post on :visited
- [x] Published "Happy Moments" to Heroku

## Next Week's Focus: BDConf

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Review [these](http://slides.com/amandacheung/responsible-data-visualization#/) [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1r7QXGYOLCh4fcUq0jDdDwKJWNqWK1o4xMtYpKZCJYjM/present?slide=id.p19)
- [ ] Read [this](http://2ndscale.com/rtomayko/2012/adopt-an-open-source-process-constraints) blog
- [ ] Read [this](https://css-tricks.com/color-filters-can-turn-your-gray-skies-blue/) post
- [ ] Ask someone to review my node code
- [ ] Make "Happy Moments" work on mobile
- [ ] Work on my stripped-down Reveal (Plaudit)
- [ ] Create Yeoman Generator for Gulp Env.
- [ ] Book flight to CodeConf!
- [ ] Outline with Links the Photoshop is Dead Talk (check bookmarks)
- [ ] Work on "Sass for Fun" Talk
- [ ] Outline talk slides with Ryan
- [ ] Continue Udacity course on page performance

### Week in Review

Oh my gosh, this week was wonderful. I was super productive! I came back from JSConf with a new pull to get things done. I really want to up my JS game and write more node. Gah so many ideas!

But I did end up building my first node app from scratch, with many flaws in the process, and finished it up this week. I finally found a new home for my "Happy Moments" :). I also played around with canvas and with building an API with kimono. I feel like I learned a lot this week, and there's always so much more to learn!


