# This Weeks Accomplishments: March 21, 2015

## This Week's Focus: CSS Conf AU

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] Get to Australia
- [x] Relax a bit in Sydney
- [x] Practice slides for CSS Conf AU
- [x] Give talk at CSS Conf AU
- [x] Photo with a Koala
- [x] Watch Addy Osmani's State of Dev Tools Video

### Additional Things I Did

- [x] Made a lot of new friends
- [x] Petted dingos
- [x] Pitched OSD Workshop at SassConf
- [x] Dealt with Lara's trip
- [x] Work on slides for workshop with Lara

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Implement unused CSS gulp task
- [ ] Seriously read through all of these dev tools [docs](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/network)
- [ ] Blog: New Sass workflow with Sass Director
- - - On Hold Until Home: - - -
- [ ] Send IBM Stickers to Adam Onishi
- [ ] Send screen print to Adi
- [ ] Finish Blog: Design: An Open Source Workflow

## Next Week's Focus: Cairns

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Hang out in Cairns
- [ ] Apply to Speak at CSSConfs
- [ ] Go to the Daintree Rainforest
- [ ] Refactor some slides for Camp Sass
- [ ] Give talk at Camp Sass
- [ ] Go snorkeling on the Great Barrier Reef
- [ ] Finish slides for Lara talk
- [ ] Play with gooey SVG
- [ ] Implement unused CSS gulp task
- [ ] Seriously read through all of these dev tools [docs](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/network)
- [ ] Blog: New Sass workflow with Sass Director

### Week in Review

What an incredible week. This was my first trip to Australia and I had an amazing time. I've been continually impressed with Australia's cities. They are super liveable and have a very interesting mix of history and modernism. I started in Sydney, went on some runs, explored the city, and went to the aquarium. And then I came to Melbourne, where the CSS Conf AU organizers were so attentive and wonderful.

Giving my presentation on "Open Source Design: A Call to Arms" at CSS Conf AU was extremely rewarding. I got a lot of really positive feedback from designers and developers who agreed with what I was talking about and want to get involved with making the open source community more inclusive. I feel so blessed to be able to have had this experience. Not only did I get to spread the OSD love, but I also got to know the incredible speakers, attendees, and organizers at the conference as well.

I can go on and on about how great this trip was (I didnt even begin to mention the rooftop bar or Healesville sanctuary and how much I learned from the conference or how much positive attention an article I wrote for Site Point "5 Great Uses for Sass Maps" recieved) but I will stop here. So much happened this week. If anybody from CSS Conf AU is reading this, it was an incredible event. Thank you!
