# This Weeks Accomplishments: July 3, 2015

## This Week's Focus: Cascadia

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Finish "Sass for Fun" Talk
- [x] Give talk as Cascadia.js
- [x] Practice Sass for Fun talk at IBM
- [x] Give talk at E4H

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Finish Ch.3 YDKJS
- [ ] Read Ch.4 YDKJS
- [ ] Watch [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twav6O53zIQ) video on Passport w/Express
- [ ] Watch some [videos](https://egghead.io/series/build-your-first-react-js-application) about React
- [ ] Implement localStorage to cache my stylesheet (also download it at bottom of page)
- [ ] Create Yeoman Generator for Gulp Env.
- [ ] Outline with Links the Photoshop is Dead Talk (check bookmarks)

### Additional Things I Did

- [x] Started new project (typeface with Kenneth)
- [x] Made Sass Meme-Generator
- [x] Went to Cascadia and saw a bunch of talks
- [x] Began outlining what GH for Designers would look like
- [x] Began blog post about travel protips
- [x] Discovered Stromae & a bunch of Russian music

## Next Week's Focus: Idea Building

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Finish Ch.3 YDKJS
- [ ] Read Ch.4 YDKJS
- [ ] Watch [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twav6O53zIQ) video on Passport w/Express
- [ ] Watch some [videos](https://egghead.io/series/build-your-first-react-js-application) about React
- [ ] Implement localStorage to cache my stylesheet (also download it at bottom of page)
- [ ] Create Yeoman Generator for Gulp Env.
- [ ] Outline with Links the Photoshop is Dead Talk (check bookmarks)
- [ ] Work on PS Is Dead Talk
- [ ] Finish blog post on travel tips
- [ ] Better outline of GH for Designers Ideas
- [ ] Do the whole Military diet (3 days)
- [ ] Work on typeface (make words)
- [ ] Deal with bills

### Week in Review

I'm coming out of this week with a renewed sense of purpose and direction. Wow thats a big statement, but its true. Cascadiafest was a really excellent conference. The community of people there was wonderful and I heard some really inspiring talks. The Pacific Northwest was really lovely as well -- perfect weather, beautiful sunsets, no bugs :). I hung out in Seattle with Kasey (who I just met at Codeconf!) the day after the conference. She showed me around and we had a lot of fun.

The beginning of the week was super productive -- the Atomic OOBEMITSCSS article was posted as well as my interview with opensource.com. I finished slides and gave two talks within 12 hours of each other (whoo never again :P). And it all ended as a really, really lovely week. I'm excited for next week.