# This Weeks Accomplishments: May 17, 2015

## This Week's Focus: Keyboard Talk

## Things I Did From the List
- [x] Start playing with recreating Instagram filters w/code
- [x] Make a card for Ryan (also get his new address)
- [x] Book flight to BD Conf
- [x] Plan Memorial Day Weekend Trip
- [x] Pack for trips

### Additional Things I Did

- [x] Released files for SVG Pocket Guide Audio Book
- [x] Got my Ringly!
- [x] Started Udacity Course on Page Performance
- [x] Played with D3 charting
- [x] Aggregated weight info for 6 years (256 data points!)
- [x] Updated website with speaking engagements

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Outline with Links the Photoshop is Dead Talk (check bookmarks)
- [ ] Topic for ALA Article
- [ ] Work on Sassbit.es video
- [ ] Blog: New Sass workflow with Sass Director
- [ ] Create Yeoman Generator for Gulp Env.
- [ ] Book flight to Cascadia JS
- [ ] ~~Book flight to Colorado~~


## Next Week's Focus: JS Conf

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Work on Eyeglass Module Yeoman [Generator](https://github.com/modularscale/modularscale-sass/issues/91#issuecomment-103504050)
- [ ] Continue Udacity course on page performance
- [ ] Add [visited](http://joelcalifa.com/blog/revisiting-visited/) & unvisited states to blog
- [ ] Work on my stripped-down Reveal w/[this](http://codepen.io/jcalifa/pen/QwepvY)
- [ ] Create Yeoman Generator for Gulp Env.
- [ ] Book flight to Cascadia JS
- [ ] Book flight to CodeConf!
- [ ] Outline with Links the Photoshop is Dead Talk (check bookmarks)

### Week in Review

This week was a lot of fun -- I capped it with a Memorial Day Weekend trip through West Texas (the Big Bend and surrounding mountain area). I went with Jefferson and Troy through Terralingua, Alpine, Marfa, and Big Bend. It was definitely a lot of fun and an absolutely beautiful trip. We also avoided all of the rains of the Austin area. Technically speaking it was a good week too -- I learned that a 404 page I made as a side project at work is going to ship into the main Bluemix site, so that was cool, and I found out I'll be speaking with Ryan at CodeConf in Nashville :) Yay! I didn't have to say bye!
