# This Weeks Accomplishments: January 11, 2015

## This Week's Goal: Community

## Things I Did From the List
- [x] Set up dinner w/Maggie
- [x] Finish "Sass for Developers" Slides
- [x] Make Sass Director Work for All Directories
- [x] Apply to speak at [Converge SE](https://period3.wufoo.com/forms/convergese-2015-speakertalk-proposal/)
- [x] Speak at All Girl Hack Night

### Additional Things I Did
- [x] Sent additional applications to different talks at conferences
- [x] Ordered IBM business cards
- [x] Listened to a 7-hour Audiobook: "The Willpower Instinct" (its really good!)
- [x] Learned about Sketch vs. Photoshop
- [x] Attended the Craft Meetup
- [x] Attended AIGA Print Matters
- [x] Put audiobooks on iPhone
- [x] Had a Bloody Mary I actually liked!
- [x] Set up sassdirector.com on nginx by myself :P

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Nginx Subdomains (blog.unakravets.com)
- [ ] Start to Read [ES6](https://leanpub.com/understandinges6/read/)
- [ ] ~~Figure out how to put Emojis in my slides~~
- [ ] codewars.com kata practice
- [ ] Contact the two girls from Urban Patchwork
- [ ] Caret Cast website setup/outline

## Next Week's Focus: Ship It

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Download "Enders Game"
- [ ] Photograph with svg interaction
- [ ] Blog Sketchnotes
- [ ] Blog Photo w/SVG thing
- [ ] Apply To Speak at CSS Conf AU
- [ ] Write a blog post about Sass Director
- [ ] sassdirector.com
- [ ] Nginx Subdomains (blog.unakravets.com)
- [ ] Contact the two girls from Urban Patchwork
- [ ] Caret Cast website setup/outline
- [ ] Logo for MediatR
- [ ] Singularity site

### Week in Review

This was a pretty awesome week. I went to a lot of meetups and events, so I didn't get to work out after work like I had been before (All Girl Hack Night, Craft Meetup, AIGA) but I did manage to do a smaller work out almost every day at the gym in my apartment complex.

I started listening to audiobooks, finished "The Willpower Instinct," which I highly recommend, and now I'm 2/3 of the way through "Maze Runner." It's pretty amazing how quickly you're able to get through books when you listen to them.

But the best news of ALL this week, is that I finally got Sass Director working with multiple subdirectories! :D so check it out: http://una.github.io/sass-director.

So anyway, next week I'm going to focus on shipping some things. I havent blogged in a while and I have two blog posts to write (one about how to use Sass Director and about manifest files, and another on sketchnotes). So once I get some of those things out of the way, I can work on some projects for other people.