# This Weeks Accomplishments: Sept 27, 2015

## This Week's Focus: Re-Zen & Re-Org

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Refactor goals and priorities -- zen it out
- [x] Write talk for IBM -- design/dev workflow
- [x] Travel to Stuttgart/Boeblingen
- [x] Give talk at IBM
- [x] Write a blog post on CSS blend mode vintage effect

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Document Bologna travels
- [ ] Document Switzerland travels
- [ ] Build structure for CSSgrams library
- [ ] Start to make postcss-instafilters (put it online)
- [ ] Finish ClassyCSS blog post
- [ ] Make blog site podcast-able
- [ ] Travel poem for Bruge
- [ ] Apply [typeset.js](https://blot.im/typeset/) to blog
- [ ] Go through all PRs (check sass director)
- [ ] Better outline of GH for Designers Ideas
- [ ] Write a blog post on CSS blend mode inverting technique

### Additional Things I Did

- [x] Started FED knowledge share group in Boeblingen
- [x] Came up with 4 new blog posts based on image effects
- [x] Finished up article for Net Mag
- [x] Came up with and finished blog on 3D image effect
- [x] Signed up for WW
- [x] Played with making infrared CSS filters
- [x] Cleaned up git repo branches in blog
- [x] Started blog post for Vignettes

## Next Week's Focus: Write up Blogs

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Create "I Code Like a Girl" Sketch for Django Girls
- [ ] Ask someone about their book writing experience
- [ ] Record audio for CSS Vintage Washout Effect post
- [ ] Record audio for 3D Image Effect post
- [ ] Finish Vignette blog post
- [ ] Finish signing up for Roth IRA
- [ ] Build structure for CSSgrams library
- [ ] Start to make postcss-instafilters (put it online)
- [ ] Finish ClassyCSS blog post
- [ ] Make blog site podcast-able
- [ ] Travel poems for Brugge/Brussels/Montreux
- [ ] Go through all PRs (check sass director)
- [ ] Better outline of GH for Designers Ideas
- [ ] Start a new audiobook

### Week in Review

At the begining of the week I was completely drained. I was so tired that I was angry at myself for being tired because I knew I had no time to be tired. It was a recipe for burnout pancackes.

I didn't do a good job this week with the focus of "Zen" -- but I *did* come up with some new ideas for projects and a blog post series which excited me. I got some sleep and played with my puppy and spent the weekend writing, researching, and catching up with friends. It ended up being very productive, though not so zen.

But hey! I've got so many exciting things in the pipeline. I'll sleep next year?