# This Weeks Accomplishments: January 19, 2015

## This Week's Focus: Ship It

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] Blog: Sketchnotes
- [x] Apply To Speak at CSS Conf AU
- [x] Blog: post about Sass Director
- [x] sassdirector.com
- [x] Update ATXSass Site with Sponsors
- [x] ATXSass!
- [x] Logo for MediatR

### Additional Things I Did

- [x] Finished reading (listening to) the Maze Runner
- [x] Managed Sass Director repo -- it has a cli now!
- [x] Bug testing and issue creation for Sass Director Sublime Plugin
- [x] Went to San Francisco
- [x] Created org for Sass Director

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Download "Enders Game"
- [ ] Blog: Photo w/SVG thing
- [ ] Photograph with svg interaction
- [ ] Nginx Subdomains (blog.unakravets.com)
- [ ] Contact the two girls from Urban Patchwork
- [ ] Caret Cast website setup/outline (use Polymer eventually)
- [ ] Singularity site
- [ ] Send Thank Yous to Contributors

## Next Week's Focus: Appreciation

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Download "Enders Game"
- [ ] Photograph with svg interaction
- [ ] Nginx Subdomains (blog.unakravets.com)
- [ ] Caret Cast website setup/outline (use Polymer eventually)
- [ ] Singularity site
- [ ] Send Thank Yous to Contributors
- [ ] Blog: Persistence of Vision & Design
- [ ] Blog: New Sass workflow with Sass Director
- [ ] Prep for Skillcrush class on Sunday, Feb 1
- [ ] Read the [Offline Cookbook](http://jakearchibald.com/2014/offline-cookbook/)
- [ ] Watch future of tech vids: [this](http://vimeo.com/110386621), and [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ji4TyY14UWU)
- [ ] Create ASCII art & an intro for Sass Director node version
- [ ] Fix RSS "error" thing for una.github.io
- [ ] Record Sketchnotes blog post audio

### Week in Review

This week was pretty incredible. The buzz over Sass Director continued, and there is now a Sublime Plugin that you can install with Package Control, an Atom Editor plugin, a node module with a watch task, and a shell script. The response from the open source community has been overwhelmingly positive, and I am so appreciate of everyone's contributions and effort. That's why next week I'll be focusing on appreciation.

This week was also about half business, half pleasure. I spent 4 days traveling to San Francisco and Lake Tahoe, and tried skiing for the first time. I fell a lot, completely wiped out a few times, but I think I really got the hang of it by the end. I felt like I was really flying. It was pretty incredible (not to mention absolutely stunning) and now I really want to go back :)

I also finished listening to the "Maze Runner" and "1984" and after that, started on a much lighter book, "Yes Please" by Amy Poehler.