# This Weeks Accomplishments: April 12, 2015

## This Week's Focus:

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] Adv. Sass workshop planning

- [x] Implement unused CSS gulp task
- [x] Blog: Dont Fear the Terminal
- [x] Apply to Speak at CSSConf
- [x] Go over talk for PEERS
- [x] Work on TTL branding

### Additional Things I Did

- [x] Started on new team
- [x] Applied for travel rewards card
- [x] Added new audiobooks
- [x] Updates atxsass.com
- [x] Tried Harp for the first time
- [x] Used EJS templating

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Read and Record Audio For [SVG Pocket Guide](http://svgpocketguide.com/book/)
- [ ] #BOSS tshirt
- [ ] Send Lara email
- [ ] Blog: New Sass workflow with Sass Director
- [ ] Blog: OSD Workflow
- [ ] Send screen print to Adi
- [ ] Book flight for PEERS
- [ ] Finish advanced Sass workshop
- [ ] Work on Sassbit.es video

## Next Week's Focus: TTL & PEERS

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Apply to Speak at CSSConf
- [ ] Give Adv. Sass Workshop at IBM (run-through)
- [ ] Book flight to PEERS
- [ ] Work on collab with Ana
- [ ] Send letter to Lara
- [ ] #BOSS tshirt
- [ ] Blog: New Sass workflow with Sass Director
- [ ] Send screen print to Adi
- [ ] Book flight for PEERS
- [ ] Finish advanced Sass workshop
- [ ] Practice PEERS talk
- [ ] Work on Sassbit.es video
- [ ] ATX Sass!
- [ ] Sketchnoting Alterconf
- [ ] Work on TTL Design
- [ ] #the100DayProject

### Week in Review

This was a lovely week and a lot went on. I switched teams and joined Bluemix, and then jumped right into work. Ahh! It's been a lot of fun to work on this new team.

Outside of that, I really got a lot done. I started working out again, I wrote a blog post, I've been organizing my bills and travel, and I've been working on some projects for other people. One of which is the TTL podcast -- I picked up Harp and EJs in about 4 hours to design and put together a homepage for it. Pretty proud of how quickly I was able to pick it up.

I published a blog post! (which was the goal of the week). I also continued my type sketches for #the100DayProject.

PEERS prep was happening this week -- I'm pretty finished with my workshop and I went over my talk to beautify it. And I even made some time to go out this weekend and also watch Game of Thrones :)
