# This Weeks Accomplishments: April 10, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Last Week @ IBM

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Call Mom
- [x] Watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncYblTCZPVM)
- [x] New Opp Post
- [x] Write 5 more letters
- [x] Transfer photos
- [x] Prep for NYC

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Paint the final "Programming is Power" piece
- [ ] CSSgram PRs
- [ ] Get Alex to teach me how to parse webpages with python
- [ ] Join Keybase.io / learn more
- [ ] Respond to all of my emails
- [ ] Sign up for Defensive Driving
- [ ] Record Audio for new opp post
- [ ] Read [this](http://commons.oreilly.com/wiki/index.php/SVG_Essentials/Filters#The_feComponentTransfer_Filter) about SVG filter
- [ ] Set up Big Cartel store or figure out Stripe API things
- [ ] Get Heiroglpyh oAuth Working
- [ ] youmightnotneedjs.com <-- work on it
- [ ] Take care of reimbursements for various things
- [ ] Send vim stickers to people
- [ ] Refactor blog JS
- [ ] Pitch idea for js-together.com to people

### Additional Things I Did:

- [x] Threw going away party
- [x] Sorted future of Toolsday
- [x] Recorded two Toolsday episodes
- [x] Planned some future travel things
- [x] Expanded cocktail collection

## Next Week's Focus: First Week @ Digital Ocean & Generate!

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Call Mom
- [ ] Paint the final "Programming is Power" piece
- [ ] CSSgram PRs
- [ ] Get Alex to teach me how to parse webpages with python
- [ ] Set up new laptop (take notes for blog post)
- [ ] Meet my coworkers!
- [ ] Join Keybase.io on new laptop
- [ ] Respond to all of my conference request emails
- [ ] Sign up for Defensive Driving
- [ ] Record Audio for post about leaving IBM
- [ ] Read [this](http://commons.oreilly.com/wiki/index.php/SVG_Essentials/Filters#The_feComponentTransfer_Filter) about SVG filter
- [ ] Watch video about building an API
- [ ] Revisit personal goals -- make time to build things
- [ ] Re-outline plan to build Heiroglpyh
- [ ] Take care of reimbursements for various things
- [ ] Send vim stickers to people
- [ ] Refactor blog JS
- [ ] Send letters to people
- [ ] Write 5 more letters
- [ ] Collect songs for spring CD
- [ ] Outline idea for "Practical Blend Modes" theme
- [ ] Passover at home

### Week in Review

This week was great! I finished up my time at IBM and had so much going on. I threw a party for my friends, which took a while to prep for and hung out with Alex a bunch. 

I think I am realizing, however, that I need to refocus on building things. I need to reread my focus points for the year and work on that. It's been difficult with everything going on. I.e. dating someone takes up a lot of time -- not necessarily a bad thing at all, but it is time that I previously had to myself. Also, I've been traveling all over the place to interview and start up doing conferences again. It's been great, I just also feel like I've deviated a bit too far from my goals.

Next week is going to be hard to get back on track with my out-of-work goals/projects, too because It'll be my first week at Digital Ocean, the Generate Conference, and I'm going home for Passover for the weekend. I need to figure out when I'll get to building things, so for next week, I at least want to recenter myself and make a gameplan.