#This Weeks Accomplishments: April 17, 2016

## This Week's Focus: First Week @ Digital Ocean & Generate!

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Call Mom
- [x] CSSgram PRs
- [x] Set up new laptop (take notes for blog post)
- [x] Meet my coworkers!
- [x] Join Keybase.io on new laptop
- [x] Respond to all of my conference request emails
- [x] Read [this](http://commons.oreilly.com/wiki/index.php/SVG_Essentials/Filters#The_feComponentTransfer_Filter) about SVG filter
- [x] Revisit personal goals -- plan time to build things
- [x] Outline idea for "Practical Blend Modes" theme
- [x] Passover at home
- [x] Reading List: [The Web Isn't Dead](http://www.wired.com/2016/04/wait-web-isnt-really-dead-google-made-sure/)

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

### Additional Things I Did:

- [x] Recreated talk assets
- [x] Toured Data Center for DO
- [x] Created Weekly Reading List
- [x] Updated site with upcoming speaking events
- [x] Gave talk at Generate
- [x] Started Designer Perf Post
- [x] Set up new Kindle account
- [x] Finished an audiobook

## Next Week's Focus: First Remote Week

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Call Mom
- [ ] Outline "Welcome to the CSS Circus" Talk
- [ ] Make visual regression testing site
- [ ] Diffee logo
- [ ] Set up Starbucks card thing (why was it broken?)
- [ ] comedydriving.com
- [ ] Watch video on salary negotiation for women
- [ ] Re-outline plan to build Heiroglpyh
- [ ] Start course on building an API
- [ ] Paint the final "Programming is Power" piece
- [ ] Get Alex to teach me how to parse webpages with python
- [ ] Sign up for Defensive Driving
- [ ] Record Audio for post about leaving IBM
- [ ] Take care of reimbursements for various things
- [ ] Send vim stickers to people
- [ ] Send letters to people
- [ ] Write 5 more letters
- [ ] Collect songs for spring CD

## Things I'll Read Next Week:

- [ ] [How Browsers Work](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/internals/howbrowserswork/)

### Week in Review

This week was crazy (and in a good way)! I started working at DigitalOcean and also spoke at Generate in NY. I ended up staying at 3 difference places throughout the week, along the east coast.

I *love* DO so far! Seriously, what an awesome group of people. I felt so welcome and I can't wait to get started on the projects my team has lined up. I had a lot (maybe too much) fun at the conference (Generate), too. It was such a great group of people. Big dreams, small potato.

After NY I went to Baltimore for Passover and it was really nice to see my dog and family there. My best friend recently got married, and I finally was able to spend time with her and see the ring :) it was much needed.
