# This Weeks Accomplishments: April 30 & May 7, 2017

NOTE: missed a week because of Berlin + South Africa travel

## This Week's Focus: Berlin, SA travel

### Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Record/Post Toolsday Episode
- [x] Finish pixel characters for CSS Conf EU talk
- [x] Half book deadline!
- [x] Practice, practice, practice CSS Conf EU talk
- [x] Give CSS Conf EU Talk

### Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Read [this](https://css-tricks.com/debugging-tips-tricks/)
- [ ] Read and make something with [AR.js](https://medium.com/arjs/augmented-reality-in-10-lines-of-html-4e193ea9fdbf)
- [ ] Set a Vue day to read through saved posts
- [ ] Get other key cut (20th Street)
- [ ] Finish "Why Design Systems Fail" Post
- [ ] Fix up Classless
- [ ] Add tooltips in YMNNJS
- [ ] Discussion Dinners app in Vue (plan)

### Additional Things I Did:

- [x] Announced book
- [x] Traveled to South Africa
- [x] Gave talk at Pixel Up!
- [x] Went on safari!
- [x] Went to Table Mountain & general SA funtimes
- [x] Did a lot of writing
- [x] Began outlining Comms Class for Devs series
- [x] Design for Comms Class for Devs site

## Next Week's Focus: 

## Things I'll Do Next Week:

- [ ] Record/Post Toolsday Episode
- [ ] Writing — finish intro JS things 
- [ ] Writing — framework overview
- [ ] Read [this](https://css-tricks.com/debugging-tips-tricks/)
- [ ] Read and make something with [AR.js](https://medium.com/arjs/augmented-reality-in-10-lines-of-html-4e193ea9fdbf)
- [ ] Set a Vue day to read through saved posts
- [ ] Get other key cut (20th Street)
- [ ] Finish "Why Design Systems Fail" Post
- [ ] Fix up Classless
- [ ] Add tooltips in YMNNJS
- [ ] Go over Wes' React course
- [ ] Start building Comms Class for Devs site
- [ ] Check in with illustration
- [ ] Practice Power of CSS talk
- [ ] Outline post on CSS Custom Properties tips & tricks
- [ ] Think about CSS in JS series

## Fitness Goals Progress

- Weigh in:
- Timed Mile:

### Week in Review

This was such a whirlwind two weeks (that I forgot to check in!). CSS Conf was amazing and PixelUp! (just the entire trip to South Africa) was unbelievable. I learned a ton from the other speakers and attendees and made friends and saw friends and it was so good :) I'm energized now to do a new video series on Communication for Developers *and* I did a ton of writing on airplanes. Feels good! I'm so jazzed about the web again.