# This Weeks Accomplishments: January 1, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Fresh Start

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Get Toolsday guests and shows sorted for the month
- [x] Read 3 24-Ways Articles on my Kindle
- [x] Buy furniture
- [x] Personal training sessions
- [x] Read [about cache](http://calendar.perfplanet.com/2016/a-tale-of-four-caches/)

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Writing (get back on track with daily word count)
- [ ] Review Github PRs for myrepos
- [ ] Implement a better way to deploy Toolsday
- [ ] Offline support for una.im (and write about it) [backlog]
- [ ] VR Tag <-- Start a New one
- [ ] Post outline: Study on blend modes for color perf improvements
- [ ] Sketch out Every Damn Day App (accountability)
- [ ] Finish wider outline & send to publisher
- [ ] CFP for web rebels
- [ ] ~~Begin Running Streak (25 Days Project #1)~~

### Additional Things I Did:

- [x] Wrote out game plan in new agenda
- [x] Looked into flights for next year's speaking circuit
- [x] Personal training
- [x] Set up organized agenda
- [x] Submitted Toolsday to Google Play store
- [x] RandomHack
- [x] Made mentor list/open call for mentees for 25 days project
- [x] Began Kathryn Meisner's FOYNS course

## Next Week's Focus:

## Things I'll Do Next Week:

- [ ] Record/Post Toolsday Episode
- [ ] Add 25 days files to personal goals repo
- [ ] Writing (get back on track with daily word count)
- [ ] Review Github PRs for my repos
- [ ] Implement a better way to deploy Toolsday
- [ ] Offline support for una.im (and write about it) [backlog]
- [ ] VR Tag <-- Start a New one
- [ ] Post outline: Study on blend modes for color perf improvements
- [ ] Sketch out Every Damn Day App (accountability)
- [ ] Finish wider outline & send to publisher
- [ ] CFP for web rebels
- [ ] RandomHack (finish it enough to share)
- [ ] 25 Days Project setup (emails)
- [ ] Manhattan JS
- [ ] Send "Quick Tip" to Eric
- [ ] Post outline for Shopify
- [ ] Find an editor for the book
- [ ] Grandpa's 80th bday

## Fitness Goal Progress

- Thursday Weigh-in: 186.2 (-5.8)
- Timed Mile: X

### Week in Review

Okay, I finally feel somewhat like myself again. I did a lot this week. Building a randomizer site on a whim, buying and building all my furniture for my new place, and starting to get back into some healthier fitness habits. I didn't, however, write as much as I would have liked to, and I'm falling a bit behind in this respect (though the goal I set for myself was pretty high). Next week I'm going to see if I can get an editor to help with bouncing ideas back and forth.

I'm also going to start my first 25 days project which is mentorship. I have a list of mentors I want to ask to spend 20-30 minutes of time with me, and a list of people who emails me whom I'm going to mentor. I'm interested to see how these conversations go.

If you follow me on here, you may notice a new section: Fitness Goal Progress. This is actually a bit terrifying to me because one of my biggest fears is definitely tied in with my weight, and I'm not going to get into that here, but I'm really intent on getting fit this year (I weighed in at 192 on Jan 1! NOT OKAY) and I want to conquer that fear by being public about it. Also, the best way I know how to get things done is via this repo right here--being transparent and honest and putting myself out there ever so slightly. So here I go :/ *wish me luck*
