happy-moments/happy-moments-16.md, before:

01/01/2016
---
Today is the first day of 2016! I stayed up till 7 AM last night chatting with my family and cousin. I'm ready for the year.

01/02/2016
---
I went to DC today to go Ice Skating with Ally! Then we went to the natural history museum to look at the gems :) The exhibit looks so much different now -- they really added to it.

01/03/2016
---
I flew home from Baltimore to Austin today. Immediately when I got out of the airport I smiled. It's so nice to come home to Austin!

01/04/2016
---
First day back at work was super productive today! I Finished a presentation and reviewed a workshop.

01/05/2016
---
In the studio today, I found the December Net Magazine in which my Gallery article is published :) It was pretty cool.

01/06/2016
---
Today I tried the cinnamon roll flavored Quest bar. I picked out a really soft one and ate it at a coffee shop with an almond milk latte. It. was. amazing.

01/07/2016
---
Today was busy, busy. But I finally figured out our icon system after a ton of researching the options. I presented it today and everyone seemed pretty happy about the solution. Yay for wins!

01/08/2016
---
A group of friends and I played Rock Band today after work. I'm the drummer in our group and I tried out hard mode this time (definitely failed a bit at it) but it was SO MUCH FUN.

01/09/2016
---
Today I went on a first date that I actually really enjoyed (this never happens!). We went on a long walk around Town Lake and I even fixed my bike lock issue! It was both productive and really nice.

01/10/2016
---
Back in the coffee shop grind. I spent the evening at Bennu, one of my favorites, listening to good music (Spotify Discover is on pointe) and drinking almond milk lattes (my go-to beverage).

01/11/2016
---
Today was a sick day but at least I got to sleep in! And my presentation portion for G&TT got some positive feedback this round, which is exciting.

01/12/2016
---
Posted a rant post today about respecting OSS developers. It's getting a lot of shares and I'm glad people are reading and internalizing it.

01/13/2016
---
My speech script for G&TT got approved with good feedback today -- so that's a relief :) finally hearing some good things about it.

01/14/2016
---
I saw Alex again today! We went to an arcade called Pinballz and played DDR and it was *so* awesomely nostalgic. Ahh I had so much fun! And even embarrassingly somehow remembered a few of the moves to one of the songs (Captain Jack).

01/15/2016
---
I just hung out by myself this Friday and it felt really good to hang out at Bennu coffee and finish up an article that I was having a little trouble with. Just sat down, focused, and whipped it up.

01/16/2016
---
Tonight, an actor friend of mine and his friends put on a play reading/release party for their new art zine. They did a play about workers in a movie theatre for about 25 people and it was *awesome*.

01/17/2016
---
I went mini golfing with Alex today at Peter Pan. It was really cute and then we got some Tex-Mex and hung out on my porch/at my place for the evening. The sun set was pretty awesome today too.

01/18/2016
---
Today I felt super productive. I made a list of 16 things (8 at work, 8 for after) and I just buckled down to get through it and put in great PRs in the process.

01/19/2016
---
I started listening to the First Fifteen Lives of Harry August at the gym today and it is *so* good I didn't want to turn it off.

01/20/2016
---
I recorded an interview with Jon Cutrell of Developer Tea today and it turned into a really good conversation that got kind of deep into the theoretical future of tech which was awesome and different than the norm.

01/21/2016
---
I'm hanging out with the Brooklyn JS crew today at Boroughgramming. What an awesome group of people! It's such a family here. Room is super tight at the meetup, but the vibe is so warm and welcoming.

01/22/2016
---
I met Leah's roommate today and we went out around her neighborhood on the Lower East Side. It was a lot of fun drunkenly frolicking in the snow on the way home and dancing.

01/23/2016
---
OH MY GOSH IT SNOWED SO MUCH. My flight is already canceled for tomorrow. So I stayed in with Leah and we watched movies (a really good one called The Road Within) and then drank wine while watching terrible TV (Married at First Site).

01/24/2016
---
Today I went out with Leah to a little restaurant called Poko. I didn't intend to drink but they had beet cocktails and the bartender/owner made us amazing Tiramisu dessert cocktails. He also made me grilled octopus salad and her incredible lamb chops! SO Good.

01/25/2016
---
Today I was upgraded to first class (for the first time in my life) on my flight to Austin from JFK! It's so nice! They give you warm towels, snacks, and a warm meal with gelato served on a "table cloth". And real glass for drinks!

01/26/2016
---
My first day back was crazy! I woke up to Smashing Magazine having shared one of my blogs before I finished it (recorded audio) so I did that really quickly, then got emails back from publishers and jobs so ahh. So much happened.

01/27/2016
---
Alex randomly messaged me about this showing for Kasita -- a new living concept in Austin. It was cool to see and we walked for a while / hung out for a bit after.

01/28/2016
---
One of my coworkers made me a name tag today with a rainbow unicorn on it and hung it above my desk :D

01/29/2016
---
Today one of my coworkers brought his adorable 4-year old son in for part of the day. He built me a tower to put my drink on top of :)

01/30/2016
---
Today was absolutely beautiful! I went to Hamilton Pool with friends and then we went to get lunch at the Oasis. It's 80 degrees in January. I love Austin.

01/31/2016
---
Continuing with the streak of beautiful weather, I went kayaking with a few friends then to a friend's dinner party where he made us Korean barbecue.

02/01/2016
---
I've been working on a technical exercise building out a sock-themed search and it's been really fun! I hope they enjoy reviewing it at much as I've enjoyed building it.

02/02/2016
---
I made Valentines Day cards today to prep them for sending out to people :) It was really relaxing and fun.

02/03/2016
---
Net Magazine came in the mail today (the one with my CSSgram feature) and that was pretty awesome to see! :D

02/04/2016
---
Played Rock Band today at Chris' place. Ahh it was so much fun. A much bigger crowd than usual, but it was great and we were all belting the songs out in unison.

02/05/2016
---
Went out tonight for Troys birthday. It was so much fun. I basically just got really drunk with a lot of my friends around east side.

02/06/2016
---
I went out dancing (like, social dancing) tonight for the first time with Lizzy and her friend Kevin! It was actually a ton of fun :) I'd probably go again, and maybe try to learn and get better for next time.

02/07/2016
---
This morning I did brunch at Bangers with a few people. Mae brought her dog and there were so many cute puppers around! That plus an awesome live band and a beautiful day made for a wonderful morning meal.

02/08/2016
---
I did lunch with Lauren today at Whole Foods. We walked over from work. It was a nice walk and we got to catch up. I love the halibut they've been having at Whole Foods lately, too.

02/09/2016
---
We recorded Toolsday today and it turned out to be a really fun episode about static site generators. It's awesome to get to host a podcast at work and a lot of fun :)

02/10/2016
---
Went to Lucky Robot on South Lamar for sushi with Alex today. It was really good :) We went to Half Step afterward.

02/11/2016
---
Went back to the gym today! And kicked ass at kettle bells! And it felt SO good!

02/12/2016
---
I had a photoshoot with Lauren today. It was so much fun! And we got some really great shots.

02/13/2016
---
I spent the day being really productive, fixing bugs, doing laundry, and writing half a blog post. I then rallied after midnight to go out on 6th.

02/14/2016
---
Today was really great! I began to code up a UI for a SXSW event at Bennu with a coworker, then we got dinner and ended up going to listen to a jazz drummer at the elephant room, then to Peche for absinthe cocktails.

02/15/2016
---
I saw the movie Deadpool with Mae today at the Alamo Drafthouse. It was *such* a good movie! Super funny and entertaining.

02/16/2016
---
Hung out in Brew and Brew today until late to work on the SXSW app. I ran into someone from town and we got to chatting/catching up which was super nice.

02/17/2016
---
Stayed after work with Alex today to work on the SXSW jukebox app. We finally pulled some of the back and front end together which is always an exciting moment :)

02/18/2016
---
We streamed the TED 2016 conference in the kitchen of the studio today. I ended up watching a few talks over lunch (and they were *really* good!)

02/19/2016
---
I went to lunch at a new place (for me) called Twisted Root with a bunch of coworkers. It was awesome! And I got a delicious salad with a turkey patty and fried egg and pickled onions. Yummmm.

02/20/2016
---
After lunch and coffee shop hangs with some friends, I biked over to the dog park in Zilker and watched the pups :) It was a great day.

02/21/2016
---
I arrived and went shopping in NYC today! It was fantastic. I bought 3 new crop tops, 4 new rings, a vest, and a really cute pair of black leather booties from Kenneth Cole!

02/22/2016
---
Started the morning with breakfast at my favorite TriBeCa coffee shop -- Gotan :) It's always so good!

02/23/2016
---
I spent the night futzing around with water coloring some flowers, and they ended up actually looking pretty awesome! I love how they turned out and I added a quote on them in calligraphy.

02/24/2016
---
I feel so much better now that I've lost a bit of weight. Clothes fit me better and my new skinny jeans are big on me -- so I went shopping for some new(er) clothes.

02/25/2016
---
Today I went shopping (yes, again) :P for some coats for the upcoming ski trip I'm going on this weekend! I found a really awesome deal on a packable (aka super light) down coat so that was fun.

02/26/2016
---
The Internet was out at work today so I went to Cenote to work with Alex -- I had this *incredible* salmon salad with goat cheese and beets and omgggg it was so delicious and also beautiful out!

02/27/2016
---
Today we got to Colorado for the ski trip. The night was insanely clear and I ended up in the hot tub with Troy and Dan, having some really nice/deep conversation and looking up at the stars. You could see them *so* clearly it was insane.

02/28/2016
---
We went skiing at the Winter Park ski resort today. I got to the top of the mountain and went down by myself. It was really awesome and so, so, so beautiful up there. The view was incredible. You could see snow-capped mountains for miles.

02/29/2016
---
This morning we had to head back to fly out, and stopped by the Buff in Boulder for an incredible breakfast (we shared a fruit bowl carved out of cantaloupe and I got an omelet with salmon and goat cheese and capers in it). Then we went hiking for a short while at Chautauqua Park before heading to the Denver airport. It was *beautiful*.

03/01/2016
---
I came back to my desk today to a sticky note from Alex that said "Welcome Back. Play a Game!" and an arduino game he made me! It was seriously the most awesome morning surprise :) I can't get over how happy it made me.

03/02/2016
---
Dallas hosted a flower crown making party pre-renaissance faire at her place. We had wine and cheese and made flower crowns :) It was a lot of fun.

03/03/2016
---
We did an after-work happy hour at Dogwood today. It was so much fun :) A lot of people came out, and I got this really yummy drink called the Texas Mule which came with a little orchid on top in a mason jar.

03/04/2016
---
I went out dancing tonight with a bunch of friends at the Empire Control Room. It had been a while since I danced like that. Much needed!

03/05/2016
---
I went over to Alex's and we made dinner (salmon and brussels sprouts that turned out *amazing*) and then listened to records! It was such a nice evening. I can't even explain it.

03/06/2016
---
I went to the Zilker Kite Festival today with Alex. It was a great windy day for it and I remember seeing SO many adorable dogs and kites everywhere.

03/07/2016
---
I met up with THREE awesome ladies from #makeupconf today! I had lunch with Duretti and then got wine and cheese with Monica and Chelsea. We went to Mikkeller Bar in SF and it was fabulous. All of those women were so down to earth and so much fun.

03/08/2016
---
Today I flew out from San Francisco. I picked up Blue Bottle Coffee on the way to the airport (OMG SO GOOD) and had a really lovely ride out of the city.

03/09/2016
---
I got THREE letters in the mail today! I love letters. That was so rad to get three at once :)

03/10/2016
---
I went to lunch with a bunch of coworkers at the physical Chilantro location. It was so good! Like, SO good. I can't wait to go back for more.

03/11/2016
---
Today was the first day of SXSW and also the IBM Design Hive party. The jukebox is finished, Toolsday went well, and I got to interview Dan Cedarholm for IBM Asks.

03/12/2016
---
Today was *so* much fun! :) I love SXSW. I ended up going around to a bunch of places, ping ponging between groups. I hung out with Ian and saw RObert DeLong and snuck into a lounge for some ice cream. There was also this great Women in Austin Tech event on the 24th floor of a building. I ended the night with Alex and his sister as we were the dance party.

03/13/2016
---
Today was another day of SXSW -- I went to the Facebook/Instagram happy hour for a while and they had a lovely open bar as well as yummy finger foods. I hung out there for a *while* with a bunch of coworkers and we saw Santigold perform at the Container Bar next door.

03/14/2016
---
More SXSW fun :) I hung out with Alex for most of the day after WFH in the morning. We saw some of the things I had missed before and got brunch at Bangers for a SoFi event. The night ended with us going to one of Ryan Hamrick's lettering and Jameson events.

03/15/2016
---
I stopped by the Spotify House today for a little while to catch Jack Garret perform. It was a fun concert and I got a lot done in the morning while working from home as well.

03/16/2016
---
I got *two* awesome pieces of mail today for me into the IBM studio from people who sent me stickers! I love getting mail a lot.

03/17/2016
---
Today I bought the most adorable/perfect milk jars to put my homemade almond milk inside. I went shopping for sunglasses for this weekend and found them at Sur La Table, which I happened to drop into today.

03/18/2016
---
I went camping today for the first time in Palo Duro Canyon State Park. It was super fun to build a nest of blankets inside the tent to keep warm and problem solve to make things work.

03/19/2016
---
Today was absolutely beautiful! I woke up in the Palo Duro canyon and made eggs while leaning out of a tent and went hiking with Alex. Such a beautiful place! And morning! And day!

03/20/2016
---
Alex and I drove home from Palo Duro/Monahans Sandhills State Park today and the sky was super clear so I asked if we could stop. We ended up climbing onto the roof of his car for a while to stargaze.

03/21/2016
---
I did a bunch of research on this cool place called the Seashell house and submitted a PR proposal for a trip to the repo Alex made for us :) I hope we end up there. Planning trips makes me so happy.

03/22/2016
---
Today was a team lunch for birthdays. We basically took over this entire BBQ lunch spot. The food was good, but it was even funnier to see so many Bluemixers there.

03/23/2016
---
I got dinner with Rebecca today! (It's been so long!) And it was really great to catch up. Everything has been to crazy right now that it almost felt like a therapy session. We also went to Foreign & Domestic -- which has been on my to-do/bucket list. The scallops we had (yes, we ordered the same thing :P) were *AAMAAZEE*.

03/24/2016
---
I started listening to The Power of Habit today -- it's a really good audio book about psychology and I'm really into it.

03/25/2016
---
I decided to accept the offer from Digital Ocean today. Which basically makes my life a lot easier and pretty open :). I'm excited. I remember having a long conversation over Skype at Flightpath Coffee with my parents about it.

03/26/2016
---
I had a long walk by myself and made it to PaperSource at the end of it today. I love that store! And just taking long walks while listening to audio books.

03/27/2016
---
I got brunch with Allison House today :) It was really fun! I wish we hung out more in Austin because we really get along and the place was awesome too!

03/28/2016
---
Woke up to a map from Alex, he told me his story later about his grand canyon trip

03/29/2016
---
really productive day -- getting a lot done at work this week

03/30/2016
---
Happy hour for matt's going away at Dogwood, then ended up getting food next door and then at Alex's place chatting and looking at maps

03/31/2016
---
Onboarding for Digital Ocean is adorable. The site has this awesome timeline of the company's history and puts your start date on it. They also make everything really nice and lucid.

Commit message:

week in review after Smashing :herb:

happy-moments/happy-moments-16.md, after:

01/01/2016
---
Today is the first day of 2016! I stayed up till 7 AM last night chatting with my family and cousin. I'm ready for the year.

01/02/2016
---
I went to DC today to go Ice Skating with Ally! Then we went to the natural history museum to look at the gems :) The exhibit looks so much different now -- they really added to it.

01/03/2016
---
I flew home from Baltimore to Austin today. Immediately when I got out of the airport I smiled. It's so nice to come home to Austin!

01/04/2016
---
First day back at work was super productive today! I Finished a presentation and reviewed a workshop.

01/05/2016
---
In the studio today, I found the December Net Magazine in which my Gallery article is published :) It was pretty cool.

01/06/2016
---
Today I tried the cinnamon roll flavored Quest bar. I picked out a really soft one and ate it at a coffee shop with an almond milk latte. It. was. amazing.

01/07/2016
---
Today was busy, busy. But I finally figured out our icon system after a ton of researching the options. I presented it today and everyone seemed pretty happy about the solution. Yay for wins!

01/08/2016
---
A group of friends and I played Rock Band today after work. I'm the drummer in our group and I tried out hard mode this time (definitely failed a bit at it) but it was SO MUCH FUN.

01/09/2016
---
Today I went on a first date that I actually really enjoyed (this never happens!). We went on a long walk around Town Lake and I even fixed my bike lock issue! It was both productive and really nice.

01/10/2016
---
Back in the coffee shop grind. I spent the evening at Bennu, one of my favorites, listening to good music (Spotify Discover is on pointe) and drinking almond milk lattes (my go-to beverage).

01/11/2016
---
Today was a sick day but at least I got to sleep in! And my presentation portion for G&TT got some positive feedback this round, which is exciting.

01/12/2016
---
Posted a rant post today about respecting OSS developers. It's getting a lot of shares and I'm glad people are reading and internalizing it.

01/13/2016
---
My speech script for G&TT got approved with good feedback today -- so that's a relief :) finally hearing some good things about it.

01/14/2016
---
I saw Alex again today! We went to an arcade called Pinballz and played DDR and it was *so* awesomely nostalgic. Ahh I had so much fun! And even embarrassingly somehow remembered a few of the moves to one of the songs (Captain Jack).

01/15/2016
---
I just hung out by myself this Friday and it felt really good to hang out at Bennu coffee and finish up an article that I was having a little trouble with. Just sat down, focused, and whipped it up.

01/16/2016
---
Tonight, an actor friend of mine and his friends put on a play reading/release party for their new art zine. They did a play about workers in a movie theatre for about 25 people and it was *awesome*.

01/17/2016
---
I went mini golfing with Alex today at Peter Pan. It was really cute and then we got some Tex-Mex and hung out on my porch/at my place for the evening. The sun set was pretty awesome today too.

01/18/2016
---
Today I felt super productive. I made a list of 16 things (8 at work, 8 for after) and I just buckled down to get through it and put in great PRs in the process.

01/19/2016
---
I started listening to the First Fifteen Lives of Harry August at the gym today and it is *so* good I didn't want to turn it off.

01/20/2016
---
I recorded an interview with Jon Cutrell of Developer Tea today and it turned into a really good conversation that got kind of deep into the theoretical future of tech which was awesome and different than the norm.

01/21/2016
---
I'm hanging out with the Brooklyn JS crew today at Boroughgramming. What an awesome group of people! It's such a family here. Room is super tight at the meetup, but the vibe is so warm and welcoming.

01/22/2016
---
I met Leah's roommate today and we went out around her neighborhood on the Lower East Side. It was a lot of fun drunkenly frolicking in the snow on the way home and dancing.

01/23/2016
---
OH MY GOSH IT SNOWED SO MUCH. My flight is already canceled for tomorrow. So I stayed in with Leah and we watched movies (a really good one called The Road Within) and then drank wine while watching terrible TV (Married at First Site).

01/24/2016
---
Today I went out with Leah to a little restaurant called Poko. I didn't intend to drink but they had beet cocktails and the bartender/owner made us amazing Tiramisu dessert cocktails. He also made me grilled octopus salad and her incredible lamb chops! SO Good.

01/25/2016
---
Today I was upgraded to first class (for the first time in my life) on my flight to Austin from JFK! It's so nice! They give you warm towels, snacks, and a warm meal with gelato served on a "table cloth". And real glass for drinks!

01/26/2016
---
My first day back was crazy! I woke up to Smashing Magazine having shared one of my blogs before I finished it (recorded audio) so I did that really quickly, then got emails back from publishers and jobs so ahh. So much happened.

01/27/2016
---
Alex randomly messaged me about this showing for Kasita -- a new living concept in Austin. It was cool to see and we walked for a while / hung out for a bit after.

01/28/2016
---
One of my coworkers made me a name tag today with a rainbow unicorn on it and hung it above my desk :D

01/29/2016
---
Today one of my coworkers brought his adorable 4-year old son in for part of the day. He built me a tower to put my drink on top of :)

01/30/2016
---
Today was absolutely beautiful! I went to Hamilton Pool with friends and then we went to get lunch at the Oasis. It's 80 degrees in January. I love Austin.

01/31/2016
---
Continuing with the streak of beautiful weather, I went kayaking with a few friends then to a friend's dinner party where he made us Korean barbecue.

02/01/2016
---
I've been working on a technical exercise building out a sock-themed search and it's been really fun! I hope they enjoy reviewing it at much as I've enjoyed building it.

02/02/2016
---
I made Valentines Day cards today to prep them for sending out to people :) It was really relaxing and fun.

02/03/2016
---
Net Magazine came in the mail today (the one with my CSSgram feature) and that was pretty awesome to see! :D

02/04/2016
---
Played Rock Band today at Chris' place. Ahh it was so much fun. A much bigger crowd than usual, but it was great and we were all belting the songs out in unison.

02/05/2016
---
Went out tonight for Troys birthday. It was so much fun. I basically just got really drunk with a lot of my friends around east side.

02/06/2016
---
I went out dancing (like, social dancing) tonight for the first time with Lizzy and her friend Kevin! It was actually a ton of fun :) I'd probably go again, and maybe try to learn and get better for next time.

02/07/2016
---
This morning I did brunch at Bangers with a few people. Mae brought her dog and there were so many cute puppers around! That plus an awesome live band and a beautiful day made for a wonderful morning meal.

02/08/2016
---
I did lunch with Lauren today at Whole Foods. We walked over from work. It was a nice walk and we got to catch up. I love the halibut they've been having at Whole Foods lately, too.

02/09/2016
---
We recorded Toolsday today and it turned out to be a really fun episode about static site generators. It's awesome to get to host a podcast at work and a lot of fun :)

02/10/2016
---
Went to Lucky Robot on South Lamar for sushi with Alex today. It was really good :) We went to Half Step afterward.

02/11/2016
---
Went back to the gym today! And kicked ass at kettle bells! And it felt SO good!

02/12/2016
---
I had a photoshoot with Lauren today. It was so much fun! And we got some really great shots.

02/13/2016
---
I spent the day being really productive, fixing bugs, doing laundry, and writing half a blog post. I then rallied after midnight to go out on 6th.

02/14/2016
---
Today was really great! I began to code up a UI for a SXSW event at Bennu with a coworker, then we got dinner and ended up going to listen to a jazz drummer at the elephant room, then to Peche for absinthe cocktails.

02/15/2016
---
I saw the movie Deadpool with Mae today at the Alamo Drafthouse. It was *such* a good movie! Super funny and entertaining.

02/16/2016
---
Hung out in Brew and Brew today until late to work on the SXSW app. I ran into someone from town and we got to chatting/catching up which was super nice.

02/17/2016
---
Stayed after work with Alex today to work on the SXSW jukebox app. We finally pulled some of the back and front end together which is always an exciting moment :)

02/18/2016
---
We streamed the TED 2016 conference in the kitchen of the studio today. I ended up watching a few talks over lunch (and they were *really* good!)

02/19/2016
---
I went to lunch at a new place (for me) called Twisted Root with a bunch of coworkers. It was awesome! And I got a delicious salad with a turkey patty and fried egg and pickled onions. Yummmm.

02/20/2016
---
After lunch and coffee shop hangs with some friends, I biked over to the dog park in Zilker and watched the pups :) It was a great day.

02/21/2016
---
I arrived and went shopping in NYC today! It was fantastic. I bought 3 new crop tops, 4 new rings, a vest, and a really cute pair of black leather booties from Kenneth Cole!

02/22/2016
---
Started the morning with breakfast at my favorite TriBeCa coffee shop -- Gotan :) It's always so good!

02/23/2016
---
I spent the night futzing around with water coloring some flowers, and they ended up actually looking pretty awesome! I love how they turned out and I added a quote on them in calligraphy.

02/24/2016
---
I feel so much better now that I've lost a bit of weight. Clothes fit me better and my new skinny jeans are big on me -- so I went shopping for some new(er) clothes.

02/25/2016
---
Today I went shopping (yes, again) :P for some coats for the upcoming ski trip I'm going on this weekend! I found a really awesome deal on a packable (aka super light) down coat so that was fun.

02/26/2016
---
The Internet was out at work today so I went to Cenote to work with Alex -- I had this *incredible* salmon salad with goat cheese and beets and omgggg it was so delicious and also beautiful out!

02/27/2016
---
Today we got to Colorado for the ski trip. The night was insanely clear and I ended up in the hot tub with Troy and Dan, having some really nice/deep conversation and looking up at the stars. You could see them *so* clearly it was insane.

02/28/2016
---
We went skiing at the Winter Park ski resort today. I got to the top of the mountain and went down by myself. It was really awesome and so, so, so beautiful up there. The view was incredible. You could see snow-capped mountains for miles.

02/29/2016
---
This morning we had to head back to fly out, and stopped by the Buff in Boulder for an incredible breakfast (we shared a fruit bowl carved out of cantaloupe and I got an omelet with salmon and goat cheese and capers in it). Then we went hiking for a short while at Chautauqua Park before heading to the Denver airport. It was *beautiful*.

03/01/2016
---
I came back to my desk today to a sticky note from Alex that said "Welcome Back. Play a Game!" and an arduino game he made me! It was seriously the most awesome morning surprise :) I can't get over how happy it made me.

03/02/2016
---
Dallas hosted a flower crown making party pre-renaissance faire at her place. We had wine and cheese and made flower crowns :) It was a lot of fun.

03/03/2016
---
We did an after-work happy hour at Dogwood today. It was so much fun :) A lot of people came out, and I got this really yummy drink called the Texas Mule which came with a little orchid on top in a mason jar.

03/04/2016
---
I went out dancing tonight with a bunch of friends at the Empire Control Room. It had been a while since I danced like that. Much needed!

03/05/2016
---
I went over to Alex's and we made dinner (salmon and brussels sprouts that turned out *amazing*) and then listened to records! It was such a nice evening. I can't even explain it.

03/06/2016
---
I went to the Zilker Kite Festival today with Alex. It was a great windy day for it and I remember seeing SO many adorable dogs and kites everywhere.

03/07/2016
---
I met up with THREE awesome ladies from #makeupconf today! I had lunch with Duretti and then got wine and cheese with Monica and Chelsea. We went to Mikkeller Bar in SF and it was fabulous. All of those women were so down to earth and so much fun.

03/08/2016
---
Today I flew out from San Francisco. I picked up Blue Bottle Coffee on the way to the airport (OMG SO GOOD) and had a really lovely ride out of the city.

03/09/2016
---
I got THREE letters in the mail today! I love letters. That was so rad to get three at once :)

03/10/2016
---
I went to lunch with a bunch of coworkers at the physical Chilantro location. It was so good! Like, SO good. I can't wait to go back for more.

03/11/2016
---
Today was the first day of SXSW and also the IBM Design Hive party. The jukebox is finished, Toolsday went well, and I got to interview Dan Cedarholm for IBM Asks.

03/12/2016
---
Today was *so* much fun! :) I love SXSW. I ended up going around to a bunch of places, ping ponging between groups. I hung out with Ian and saw RObert DeLong and snuck into a lounge for some ice cream. There was also this great Women in Austin Tech event on the 24th floor of a building. I ended the night with Alex and his sister as we were the dance party.

03/13/2016
---
Today was another day of SXSW -- I went to the Facebook/Instagram happy hour for a while and they had a lovely open bar as well as yummy finger foods. I hung out there for a *while* with a bunch of coworkers and we saw Santigold perform at the Container Bar next door.

03/14/2016
---
More SXSW fun :) I hung out with Alex for most of the day after WFH in the morning. We saw some of the things I had missed before and got brunch at Bangers for a SoFi event. The night ended with us going to one of Ryan Hamrick's lettering and Jameson events.

03/15/2016
---
I stopped by the Spotify House today for a little while to catch Jack Garret perform. It was a fun concert and I got a lot done in the morning while working from home as well.

03/16/2016
---
I got *two* awesome pieces of mail today for me into the IBM studio from people who sent me stickers! I love getting mail a lot.

03/17/2016
---
Today I bought the most adorable/perfect milk jars to put my homemade almond milk inside. I went shopping for sunglasses for this weekend and found them at Sur La Table, which I happened to drop into today.

03/18/2016
---
I went camping today for the first time in Palo Duro Canyon State Park. It was super fun to build a nest of blankets inside the tent to keep warm and problem solve to make things work.

03/19/2016
---
Today was absolutely beautiful! I woke up in the Palo Duro canyon and made eggs while leaning out of a tent and went hiking with Alex. Such a beautiful place! And morning! And day!

03/20/2016
---
Alex and I drove home from Palo Duro/Monahans Sandhills State Park today and the sky was super clear so I asked if we could stop. We ended up climbing onto the roof of his car for a while to stargaze.

03/21/2016
---
I did a bunch of research on this cool place called the Seashell house and submitted a PR proposal for a trip to the repo Alex made for us :) I hope we end up there. Planning trips makes me so happy.

03/22/2016
---
Today was a team lunch for birthdays. We basically took over this entire BBQ lunch spot. The food was good, but it was even funnier to see so many Bluemixers there.

03/23/2016
---
I got dinner with Rebecca today! (It's been so long!) And it was really great to catch up. Everything has been to crazy right now that it almost felt like a therapy session. We also went to Foreign & Domestic -- which has been on my to-do/bucket list. The scallops we had (yes, we ordered the same thing :P) were *AAMAAZEE*.

03/24/2016
---
I started listening to The Power of Habit today -- it's a really good audio book about psychology and I'm really into it.

03/25/2016
---
I decided to accept the offer from Digital Ocean today. Which basically makes my life a lot easier and pretty open :). I'm excited. I remember having a long conversation over Skype at Flightpath Coffee with my parents about it.

03/26/2016
---
I had a long walk by myself and made it to PaperSource at the end of it today. I love that store! And just taking long walks while listening to audio books.

03/27/2016
---
I got brunch with Allison House today :) It was really fun! I wish we hung out more in Austin because we really get along and the place was awesome too!

03/28/2016
---
Today I woke up to a map outside of my door with a volcanic rock on top of it from Alex. It was unbelievably adorable. He told me his story later about his Arizona trip when we hung out and used it as a basis.

03/29/2016
---
I had a really productive day. I got a few pull requests in to close various design system website issues. I've been getting a lot done at work this week.

03/30/2016
---
There was a happy hour for Matt's going away at Dogwood today. We ended up getting food next door at a Cajun place and then went to Alex's to chat and look at maps.

03/31/2016
---
Onboarding for Digital Ocean is adorable. The site has this awesome timeline of the company's history and puts your start date on it. They also make everything really nice and lucid.

04/01/2016
---
Today we had our team retrospective -- we've been super productive lately so it felt good to go over and see all the work we did summed up in two weeks.

04/02/2016
---
Today was great. I hung out with Alex all day, first at an 80's-themed pool party and then dinner at Laurens. The  -- sun set over her lake, bought chartreuse and made a blanket fort

04/03/2016
---
Zilker Garden Festival

04/04/2016
---
after speaker dinner drinks at this really cool bar called the Monkey Bar as a nickname in SF with Jina  Vitaly and Harry. Bought Pez

04/05/2016
---
The SmashingConf after party was at the aquarium! It was a lot of fun! The otters were out and super playful, we got to pet sting rays, and the jellyfish were pretty mesmerizing. Monica also came!
