content-list/blog-posts.md, before:

# Blog Posts and Articles


### Typography
- [ ] [Web Scraping with Node](http://elifitch.com/blog/simple-web-scraping-node/)

### Performance
- [ ] [Filament Group Performance CS](http://www.filamentgroup.com/lab/performance-rwd.html)
- [ ] [Google Dev &ndash; Optimizing Performance](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/)

### Web Design
- [ ] [Atomic Design &mdash; Brad Frost](http://bradfrostweb.com/blog/post/atomic-web-design/)
- [ ] [Future of Layouts &mdash; Jen Simmons](https://github.com/jensimmons/thelayoutsahead)
- [ ] [Building websites with science](https://codeascraft.com/2012/06/21/building-websites-with-science/)

### Flexbox
- [ ] [Flexbox Cheatsheet Cheatsheet](http://jonibologna.com/flexbox-cheatsheet/?utm_content=bufferfbf53&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer)
- [ ] [Flexbox Adventures](http://chriswrightdesign.com/experiments/flexbox-adventures/)

### Lists
- [ ] [The Year of the Looking Glass](https://medium.com/the-year-of-the-looking-glass)

Commit message:

Added blog posts to content list.

content-list/blog-posts.md, after:

# Blog Posts and Articles


### Typography
- [ ] [Five simple steps to better typography](http://www.markboulton.co.uk/journal/five-simple-steps-to-better-typography)
- [ ] [Size Matters: Balancing Line Length And Font Size In Responsive Web Design](http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2014/09/29/balancing-line-length-font-size-responsive-web-design/)
- [ ] [Typographic Design Patterns And Current Practices](http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2013/05/17/typographic-design-patterns-practices-case-study-2013/)
- [ ] [More Meaningful Typography](http://alistapart.com/article/more-meaningful-typography)

### Grids
- [ ] [Content-out Layout](http://alistapart.com/article/content-out-layout)
- [ ] [The Infinite Grid](http://alistapart.com/article/the-infinite-grid)

### Performance
- [ ] [Filament Group Performance CS](http://www.filamentgroup.com/lab/performance-rwd.html)
- [ ] [Google Dev &ndash; Optimizing Performance](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/)
- [ ] [Improving Smashing Magazine’s Performance: A Case Study](http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2014/09/08/improving-smashing-magazine-performance-case-study/)

### Web Design
- [ ] [Atomic Design &mdash; Brad Frost](http://bradfrostweb.com/blog/post/atomic-web-design/)
- [ ] [Future of Layouts &mdash; Jen Simmons](https://github.com/jensimmons/thelayoutsahead)
- [ ] [Building websites with science](https://codeascraft.com/2012/06/21/building-websites-with-science/)
- [ ] [Building A Better Responsive Website](http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2013/03/05/building-a-better-responsive-website/)
- [ ] [10 Principles Of Effective Web Design](http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2008/01/31/10-principles-of-effective-web-design/)
- [ ] [Logical Breakpoints For Your Responsive Design](http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2013/03/01/logical-breakpoints-responsive-design/)
- [ ] [The best UI is no UI](http://craigmdennis.com/articles/the-best-ui-is-no-ui)

### Mobile First
- [ ] [Google's 25 Rules For Building A Better Mobile Site](http://www.fastcodesign.com/3029681/googles-25-rules-for-building-a-better-mobile-site?utm_source=facebook#2)

### Flexbox
- [ ] [Flexbox Cheatsheet Cheatsheet](http://jonibologna.com/flexbox-cheatsheet/?utm_content=bufferfbf53&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer)
- [ ] [Flexbox Adventures](http://chriswrightdesign.com/experiments/flexbox-adventures/)

### System Design
- [ ] [Algorithmic Design Systems](http://runemadsen.com/blog/on-meta-design-and-algorithmic-design-systems/)

### Design and Psychology
- [ ] [This Is How You Get People to Trust Your Product](http://firstround.com/review/Urbansitter-Lynn-Perkins/)

### Accessibility
- [ ] [Reframing Accessibility for the Web](http://alistapart.com/article/reframing-accessibility-for-the-web)

### Lists
- [ ] [The Year of the Looking Glass](https://medium.com/the-year-of-the-looking-glass)
